Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
HEY.
I'M LOOKING FOR THE GUY.
HIS NAME'S LEO.
UM...
DON'T KNOW HIM.
BUT IF YOU'RE, UH...
LOOKIN' FOR A GUY...?
TRUST ME.
I'M MORE THAN YOU COULD HANDLE.
WANT TO TRY THIS AGAIN?
HE MAY BE STAYING
NEARBY, WITH THE GIRL.
WANT TO TAKE ANOTHER LOOK?
HE'S STAYING IN THAT
HOTEL OVER THERE.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE PERSISTENT.
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT.
ANNOYING, YET PERSISTENT.
TRUST ME, I'VE GOT BETTER THINGS
TO DO WITH MY FRIDAY NIGHT.
OH, GOOD.
GO DO THEM.
AS SOON AS YOU TELL ME WHERE
YOU KEEP GOING ON THESE
SECRET LITTLE SIDE MISSIONS.
WELL, THEN, THEY WOULDN'T BE
VERY SECRET NOW, WOULD THEY?
I DON'T HAVE TO
EXPLAIN MYSELF TO YOU.
YEAH, YOU DO - IF YOU EXPECT
TO LOSE ME AS YOUR SHADOW.
WHO'S THE GUY?
SOMEONE I'VE BEEN SEARCHING
FOR FOR NEARLY FIVE YEARS.
DON'T WORRY. HE'S
NOT MUTANT X BUSINESS, OKAY?
WHAT IS IT?
SCREAMING.
CAN YOU STILL HEAR IT?
NO.
THEN WHAT ARE WE
FOLLOWING...?
BLOOD.
OKAY. I CAN HANDLE
IT FROM HERE.
I DON'T THINK SO.
HEY, I'M SERIOUS.
SO AM I.
LOOK.
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S THE GIRL FROM YOUR PHOTO.
SHE'S DEAD.
HEY, LEX, IF THE GUY YOU'RE
AFTER IS A PART OF THIS,
WE NEED TO FIND HIM.
LISTEN, YOU STAY AWAY FROM HIM.
I'M NOT GOING TO WARN YOU AGAIN.
SCIENTIST ADAM KANE WAS A
PIONEER OF GENETIC RESEARCH,
MANIPULATING DNA TO
SAVE HUMAN LIVES.
BUT IN MANY, THEIR GENES
UNEXPECTEDLY MUTATED
AND THEY DEVELOPED
SUPERHUMAN ABILITIES.
TOGETHER, FOUR
OF THE MOST POWERFUL FIGHT
TO PROTECT A WORLD THAT
DOESN'T EVEN KNOW THEY EXIST.
THEY ARE...
MUTANT X.
SO WHAT DID LEXA SAY?
SHE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING,
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
SHE KEEPS SHUTTING ME OUT.
WELL, THERE'S A SURPRISE.
SHE TOOK SOMETHING
FROM THE MURDER SCENE,
SOME KIND OF NECKLACE.
I THINK SHE'S IN OVER
HER HEAD THIS TIME.
WHATEVER SHE'S
HIDING, IT SCARES HER.
LEXA?
AND THE GUY SHE'S FOLLOWING -
I DON'T KNOW IF SHE'S TRYING TO
PROTECT HIM OR JUST WANTS
TO GET TO HIM FIRST.
WELL, EITHER WAY,
I DON'T LIKE IT.
LOOK, IF HE SCARES HER
THIS BAD, WE CAN'T LET HER
GO AFTER HIM ALONE.
WELL, WHAT CHOICE DO WE HAVE?
SHE WON'T EVEN TALK
TO US ABOUT IT.
STOP ASKING.
IS A CLOSED DOOR TOO
HARD A CONCEPT FOR YOU?
YOU'RE HANDLING THIS ALL WRONG.
REALLY?
ENLIGHTEN ME.
WELL, NORMALLY YOU JUST
WOULD'VE LIED TO SHALIMAR.
BUT NOW SHE AND JESS
ARE ALL OVER THIS.
YOU'RE OFF YOUR GAME, LEX.
AND THAT'S DANGEROUS
FOR ALL OF US.
LOOK, I'VE GOT BIGGER
PROBLEMS RIGHT NOW THAN
YOUR CONTROL ISSUES.
YEAH, SHAL TOLD ME.
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THIS
GUY THAT KILLED SOME GIRL.
WHOA - I NEVER SAID
LEO KILLED HER.
LEO? THAT'S HIS NAME.
YOU KNOW, KEEP
YOUR SECRETS, LEX.
I GOT ENOUGH OF
MY OWN, ALL RIGHT?
BUT WHOEVER THIS GUY IS, TWO
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO
FIND HIM FASTER THAN ONE.
I GOT A FEELING YOU
CAN USE SOME BACKUP.
FINE.
BUT NO MORE QUESTIONS.
NO MORE QUESTIONS.
[BELL RINGING]
[REPEATED RINGINGS]
ROOMS ARE SIXTY AN HOUR,
A HUNDRED FOR THE DAY.
IF YOU CAN AFFORD IT,
BRO, I'D TAKE THE DAY.
THANKS, HON.
THANK YOU, SIR.
COME AGAIN.
HIS NAME'S LEO.
HAVE YOU SEEN HIM?
SURE.
YEAH, HE STAYS
WITH HER SOMETIMES.
HE WAS HERE LAST NIGHT.
THIRD FLOOR.
YOU HAVE CAMERAS LIKE
THAT UP THERE, TOO?
WELL, YEAH...
A COP JUST CAME IN TO
WATCH LAST NIGHT'S TAPE.
YOU JUST MISSED HIM.
WELL, WE NEED TO SEE IT.
AND I NEED A NIGHT
WITH ANGELINA JOLIE.
YEAH, YOU KNOW, I DON'T
HAVE TO SHOW YOU SH... UGH...
AND YOU DON'T NEED TO
KEEP BREATHING, EITHER.
BUT IF YOU START HELPING
US, I JUST MIGHT LET YOU.
OKAY. COME ON IN.
[DOOR BUZZER]
YOU GUYS GOT ANY LEADS YET?
NO LEADS ON THE MEDALLION YET,
IT'S JUST A COMMON SYMBOL.
BUT WE DID MANAGE TO FIND
AN ID ON THE DEAD GIRL.
HER NAME IS
CANDACE ROCKWELL.
SHE'S A MUTANT.
WE'RE CHECKING OUT HER
PRELIMINARY AUTOPSY NOW.
ALL RIGHT.
KEEP ME POSTED.
YOU GOT IT.
SHALIMAR, FOR THE RECORD,
IT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT DOING
THIS BEHIND LEXA'S BACK.
LOOK, JESS, SHE'S THE ONE
THAT SHUT US OUT, OKAY?
BESIDES, I THINK IT'S TIME WE
REMIND HER WE'RE MUTANT X -
NOT MUTANT LEX.
STILL...
FEELS LIKE WE'RE GOING
THROUGH HER DIARY HERE.
I JUST THINK SHE
DESERVES BETTER FROM US.
ALL RIGHT.
HOW GOOD OF A LOOK DID
YOU GET AT CANDACE'S WOUNDS?
NOT VERY. TOO MUCH BLOOD.
BUT I COULD TELL SHE
WAS BUTCHERED THOUGH. WHY?
WELL, SHE WASN'T BUTCHERED,
SHE WAS... DISSECTED.
THEY TOOK HER LIVER.
TOOK IT?
WHAT, LIKE A TROPHY?
WHAT KIND OF FREAK ARE
WE DEALING WITH HERE?
I TRUST YOU'LL BE VERY
HAPPY WITH THE MATERIAL.
ANY FRESHER, IT'D
STILL BE ATTACHED.
ZAHLEN SIE IHN.
AUF WIEDERSEHEN...
DANKE.
WHAT ARE YOU SMILING AT?
IT'S STILL A FRACTION OF
WHAT WE COULD NET FROM LEO.
HE DISAPPEARED BEFORE
WE COULD TAKE HIM.
HE'S A HARD MAN TO TRACK.
HE'S OUR TOP PRIORITY.
I'LL FIND HIM.
I KNOW.
WELL, IT'S NOT
LOOKING GOOD, LEX.
NO. REWIND IT.
HE'S ONLY VIOLENT UNDER
EXTREME PHYSICAL THREAT.
I MEAN, THIS GIRL
- SHE'S A LIGHTWEIGHT
AND SHE'S HIS GIRLFRIEND?
SORRY, IT JUST DOESN'T FIT.
WAIT. STOP HERE.
THERE'S OUR KILLER.
OH, AND THERE'S YOUR GUY.
LATE FOR THE PARTY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND YOU WANT TO TELL ME
WHY YOU'RE AFTER HIM, HM?
WHO'S THAT?
ASIAN MAN.
MY GOD, HE PASSED RIGHT BY ME.
HEY!
HEY, CALM DOWN, LEX.
THE COP YOU SHOWED THE TAPE TO -
WHAT DID HE LOOK LIKE?
UH, BLOND.
SCAR ON HIS CHEEK.
HE LEFT ABOUT
FIFTEEN MINUTES AGO.
WHATCHA GOT FOR US, HANDSOME?
WELL, LEXA WANTED THIS MEDALLION
BAD ENOUGH TO STEAL IT.
I FIGURE IT'S GOT TO BELONG
TO THE GUY SHE'S AFTER.
I AGREE.
WHAT DOES THAT GET US?
WELL, THERE GOTTA BE SKIN CELLS.
WHICH...
TA DA.
GOT ME HIS DNA.
LOOK...
HE'S A MUTANT.
LUCKY US.
I'M GOING TO RUN HIM
THROUGH ADAM'S DATABASE.
THERE HE IS.
OH.
OH...
WAIT, THAT CAN'T BE RIGHT.
WELL, MAYBE THE
SAMPLE'S CONTAMINATED.
YEAH.
NO.
ALL THESE IDS BELONG
TO THE SAME DNA.
THEY'RE ALL THE SAME PERSON.
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
OH, MY GOD.
I HEARD THEORETICAL
DISCUSSIONS ABOUT THIS,
BUT NEVER KNEW
THAT ONE EXISTED.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
HE'S A MULTIPLE.
HE'S A MUTANT WITH THE ABILITY
TO CHANGE HIS PHYSIOLOGY TO BE
SEPARATE PEOPLE WITH SEPARATE
IDENTITIES, BUT THE SAME DNA.
SO HE'S A MUTANT VERSION
OF A MULTIPLE PERSONALITY.
WELL, IF HE IS ALL THESE
PEOPLE, HOW THE HELL ARE WE
GOING TO FIND HIM... HER...
THEM...?
UH, HM.
OKAY, WELL, THEY ALL SEEM TO
STEM FROM ONE ORIGINAL MUTANT.
SO I SAY WE START WITH... HIM.
LEO PIERCE.
PIERCE?
AS IN LEXA PIERCE?
AS IN I THINK WE JUST
FIND HER LITTLE SECRET.
LEO'S LEXA'S TWIN BROTHER.
NO WONDER SHE WAS SO PROTECTIVE.
YOU TAKE THE EAST
SIDE, I'LL GO WEST.
LEX...
I DON'T HAVE
TIME TO EXPLAIN.
JUST KEEP YOUR
EYES OPEN FOR THAT COP...
LEXA, WE KNOW LEO'S
YOUR BROTHER.
HOW?
I TOOK THE MEDALLION
AND JESSE RAN THE DNA.
YOU PLAYED ME?
HEY, LOOK, IF YOU'RE GOING TO
ACT LIKE AN OUTSIDER YOU'RE
GOING TO GET TREATED
LIKE ONE, ALL RIGHT?
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST TELL US YOU
WERE LOOKING FOR YOUR TWIN?
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE
SO DAMNED SECRETIVE?
BECAUSE HE'S SICK, ALL RIGHT?
LEO ISN'T STABLE.
SOMETIMES HE LOSES HIMSELF
AND HE BECOMES DANGEROUS
TO OTHER PEOPLE.
WE COULD'VE HELPED YOU FIND HIM.
I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP.
I CAN HANDLE THIS.
IF HE'S SO DANGEROUS, MAYBE YOU
SHOULDN'T BE DOING THIS ALONE.
TRUST ME, I KNOW HOW TO
HANDLE MY OWN BROTHER.
LET GO!
GET OFF OF ME!
HEY!
LET HIM GO!
LEO, WAIT!
YOU CAN'T KEEP
RUNNING LIKE THIS.
I'M NOT GOING BACK, LEXA.
JUST STAY AWAY.
I'M SORRY, I CAN'T DO THAT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HE'S GONE.
THAT'S THE CLOSEST I'VE BEEN TO
LEO IN FOUR YEARS.
YOU SCREWED IT UP!
END OF STORY.
HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW
YOU WERE SHOOTING HIM WITH A
TRACKER?
YOU BETTER HOPE LIKE HELL JESS
CAN EXPAND THE SEARCH FIELD ON
THIS THING.
HEY, I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY
YOU'RE CHASING YOUR BROTHER
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
HIS MUTATION'S TOO POWERFUL.
HE CAN'T HANDLE IT.
WHEN WE WERE KIDS, HE STARTED
SWITCHING PERSONALITIES JUST
TO GET THROUGH THE DAY.
THEN HE LOST CONTROL AND...
...HE ENDED UP IN AN
INSTITUTION RUN BY ECKHART.
YEAH.
WHATEVER THEY DID TO HIM
THERE MADE HIM WORSE.
HE ESCAPED AND I'VE BEEN
SEARCHING EVER SINCE.
STILL DOESN'T EXPLAIN WHY
THESE GUYS ARE AFTER HIM.
I THINK WE FOUND OUT
THAT PIECE OF THE PUZZLE.
CANDACE WASN'T KILLED.
SHE WAS HARVESTED.
AND SHE'S NOT THE FIRST.
FIVE MUTANTS HAVE GONE MISSING
OVER THE LAST THREE MONTHS, ALL
OF THEM FOUND MINUS
AT LEAST ONE ORGAN.
THEY'RE STRIPPING US FOR PARTS?
WAIT, HOW COULD WE
NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS?
THEY WERE ALL
LISTED AS JOHN DOES.
NO IDS, NO NEXT OF KIN.
THAT MAKES A SICK SORT OF SENSE.
THERE'S AN UNDERGROUND MARKET
FOR HUMAN ORGANS,
WHY NOT MUTANTS?
MORE EFFICIENT HEARTS,
STRONGER LUNGS...
LIKE MY BROTHER.
HIS WHOLE MUTATION IS ABOUT
ADAPTING INTO NEW PEOPLE.
HE'D BE A UNIVERSAL DONOR.
HE'S WORTH A MINT
TO THESE PEOPLE.
NOW, LISTEN, DON'T WORRY.
WE STILL HAVE THE TRACKER.
WHICH MEANS WE'RE STILL
THREE STEPS AHEAD OF
WHOEVER'S AFTER HIM.
THEY BETTER PRAY
IT STAYS THAT WAY.
AHH...
AHHH...
REPORT.
WE GOT CLOSE TO PIERCE AGAIN.
BUT THE SISTER INTERVENED.
LEXA.
SHH. DOWN, BOY.
OH, YEAH...
YEAH!
COME ON.
AGH!
YEAH, I'VE INTERVENED
WITH LEXA A FEW TIMES MYSELF.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
OH... OH... AH...
GO ON.
SHE HIT HIM WITH SOMETHING.
IT CAME FROM A GUN.
LOOKS SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
ALRIGHT.
HM.
CLEVER LEXA.
ECKHART HAD THIS MADE SPECIAL.
I ALWAYS WONDERED
WHAT HAPPENED TO IT.
SMILE, BAIN.
LEXA JUST HANDED US HER
BROTHER ON A PLATTER.
ANYTHING?
NO. I'M STILL TRYING TO LINK THE
CHIP UP TO OUR COMPUTER.
YOU KNOW, THIS TRACKER'S
FREAKIN' GENIUS, BY THE WAY.
IT SHOULD BE ABLE TO STICK TO
LEO THROUGH ALL OF HIS ALTERS.
YEAH, IT'S AN OLD GSA PROTOTYPE
BUILT FOR MOLECULARS.
I FIGURED ECKHART OWED ME A
RETIREMENT GIFT WHEN I LEFT.
HOW DID YOU KNOW WHERE TO FIND
LEO THE OTHER NIGHT, ANYWAY?
THE DOMINION.
IT'S PART OF THE ARRANGEMENT.
THE ARRANGEMENT.
WHAT, YOU COME BACK TO MUTANT X
AND CLEAN UP AFTER ADAM...
AND THE DOMINION HELPS
YOU FIND YOUR BROTHER?
YEAH.
YOU THINK IT'S WRONG
WHAT I'M DOING?
CHASING HIM LIKE THIS?
I THINK THAT YOU LOVE HIM.
I THINK THAT NOTHING
WRONG CAN COME OF THAT.
JUST HANG IN THERE.
I'LL GET A LOCK ON LEO SOON.
YOU AVOIDING ME?
IF I SAY YES, WILL YOU GO AWAY?
SMART ASS.
HERE.
THE HOSPITAL WANTS
YOU TO SIGN THESE.
I DON'T KNOW...
HEY, I CHECKED THIS
ECKHART GUY OUT.
HE RUNS THE COMPANY
THAT CREATED US.
HE SWEARS HIS
DOCTORS CAN HELP YOU.
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH ME.
LAST MONTH YOU DISAPPEARED
FOR THREE WEEKS.
YOU STILL CAN'T REMEMBER WHERE.
WE CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS.
WE CAN BARELY AFFORD TO EAT.
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO AFFORD DOCTORS?
ECKHART SAYS HE'LL
DO IT FOR FREE...
IF I AGREE TO WORK FOR HIM.
I DON'T KNOW, LEX.
YOU KNOW HOW FREAKED OUT I
GET WHEN I'M ALONE TOO LONG.
I KNOW.
SO, THEN, JUST REMEMBER WHAT
MOM USED TO SAY WHEN YOU USED
TO HAVE YOUR NIGHTMARES.
"FOCUS ON ONE GOOD THING."
YOU KNOW, A FAVOURITE
MEMORY, OR A PLACE...
WHAT IF ALL I WANT TO
FOCUS ON IS GETTING OUT?
DO THIS FOR ME.
I WOULD NEVER LET
ANYBODY HURT YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT.
PROMISE?
PROMISE.
[BEEPS]
TELL ME YOU GOT HIM.
I GOT HIM.
LET'S GO.
[BEEPS]
I CAN ALMOST HEAR THE
WHEELS IN YOUR HEAD TURNING.
WHAT'S UP?
I JUST CAN'T SHAKE THE
FEELING THAT LEXA'S HIDING
SOMETHING FROM US.
TOO HARD ON HER.
WELL, GOOD - BECAUSE
YOU'RE TOO SOFT.
[BEEPS BREAKUP]
UH OH.
COME ON, COME ON.
WHERE'D YOU GO?
WE'RE AT THE LAST
COORDINATES, JESS.
THERE'S NO SIGN OF LEO.
YEAH, I GOT SOME BAD
NEWS: HE'S OFF THE GRID.
HE WAS READING ONE MINUTE
AND DISAPPEARED THE NEXT.
WELL, HE COULDN'T
HAVE JUST VANISHED.
NO, HE COULDN'T HAVE.
HE'S GOT TO BE SOMEWHERE WHERE
HIS SIGNAL CAN'T BE READ.
UH, DEEP UNDERGROUND,
SURROUNDED BY STEEL...
UH...
HOW ABOUT BOTH?
SO WHAT MAKES YOU THINK LEO'S
DOWN HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE?
THIS IS WHERE HE USED TO HIDE
AS A KID, WHEN HE WANTED
TO BE ALONE.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PARENTS?
YOU NEVER MENTION THEM.
WELL, THEY DON'T
DESERVE TO BE MENTIONED.
SOUNDED BITTER, DIDN'T IT?
JUST A LITTLE.
THEY WERE ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
THEY VOLUNTEERED FOR A
MILITARY FERTILITY PROJECT.
LET ME GUESS.
RUN BY GENOMEX.
YOU GOT IT.
WE WERE A NORMAL LITTLE
FAMILY, AS FAR AS I KNEW.
THEN LEO AND I SHOWED
OUR MUTATIONS, AND WHAM!
THE BRASS ORDERED MY
PARENTS TO HAND US OVER.
AND THEY DID?
SWEET, HUH?
UNTIL WE WERE FOURTEEN WE WERE
RAISED IN A MILITARY FACILITY.
THEN LEO STARTED TO LOSE CONTROL
AND I HAD TO LEAVE TO FIND HELP.
SO THEN WHY DOESN'T
LEO TRUST YOU?
I TOLD YOU HE WAS TRAPPED IN
ECKHART'S HOSPITAL, RIGHT?
YEAH.
WELL, I'M THE ONE
WHO PUT HIM IN THERE.
HE SWORE HE'D HELP LEO.
THAT WAS BACK WHEN I
USED TO TRUST PEOPLE.
SORRY, LEX.
NOT AS SORRY AS I AM.
HELLO?
WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME?
LEO, WHERE ARE YOU?
HEY, JESS. WE MADE CONTACT.
CAN YOU TRACK US FROM DOWN HERE?
SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
CALL THEM OFF, LEXA.
WHO?
COME ON, THE MEN
THAT KILLED CANDACE!
THEY'RE FOLLOWING ME SOMEHOW,
EVEN THROUGH MY SHIFTS.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
HIT YOU WITH A TRACKER.
WHAT?
LEO, I HAD NO CHOICE.
LOOK, JUST STAY
UNDERGROUND, OKAY?
THEY CAN'T FIND YOU THAT WAY.
TELL ME WHERE YOU
ARE AND I'LL...
LEO?
LE...
OKAY, YOU GUYS,
I GOT A FIX ON HIM.
HE'S IN THE SEWERS.
HE'S... WEST OF YOU.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHERE DID HE GO?
HERE.
I FIGURED IF THESE GUYS CAN
TRACK LEO'S SIGNAL,
THEN THEY
MUST BE EX-GSA.
MAKES SENSE.
AND THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT THAT
MOTEL SURVEILLANCE TAPE THAT'S
BUGGING ME.
NOW, THERE'S
NO CLEAR SHOT OF THE KILLER'S
FACE, BUT THERE IS THIS.
NICE TAT.
YEAH. IT'S EVEN NICER
WHEN YOU CAN TRACE IT.
WATCH.
ARRESTS FOR ASSAULT, ATTEMPTED
MURDER, HUMAN TRAFFICKING.
UH HUH.
SWEET GUY.
YEAH. WHERE'S THE GSA
CONNECTION?
WELL, BAIN WAS LAST
RELEASED SIX MONTHS AGO.
BEFORE THE FIRST KILLING.
CHECK OUT WHO POSTED HIS BAIL.
CHARLES CARTER.
TELEKINETIC, EX-GSA.
LED ONE OF ECKHART'S
MUTANT APPREHENSION TEAMS.
SOUNDS LIKE HE ADDED A
NEW TWIST TO HIS OLD JOB.
ARE YOU SURE HE'S BEHIND
THESE ORGAN THEFTS?
WISH HE WASN'T.
A GUY LIKE THIS
AIN'T GONNA STOP.
LOOK, I'M GONNA SCORE SOME
TRANSPORTATION, SO IF YOU GET A
LEAD ON LEO OR THIS
CARTER GUY, LET US KNOW.
WILL DO.
HEY...
LISTEN, YOU'RE EX-GSA.
YOU MUST'VE WORKED
WITH THIS CARTER GUY.
HAVE ANY IDEA WHERE HE COULD BE?
NOT ANYMORE.
HE WAS USEFUL TO ME... ONCE.
LOOK, I KNOW THIS
LOOKS BAD, ALL RIGHT?
BUT WE'LL FIND YOUR
BROTHER BEFORE HE DOES.
CARTER'S NOT OUR BIGGEST
PROBLEM RIGHT NOW.
LEO SOUNDED REALLY SCARED.
YEAH, OF COURSE HE'S SCARED.
NO - YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
STRESS BRINGS OUT THE
WORST IN MY BROTHER.
LITERALLY.
I CHECKED OUT SOME OF
LEO'S OTHER PERSONALITIES.
MEET TROY.
LEO'S NASTIEST ALTER.
IT WAS TROY THAT BROKE OUT OF
ECKHART'S INSTITUTION, NOT LEO.
PUT THREE GUYS IN A COMA,
NEARLY LEVELLED THE BUILDING.
OH, MAN.
IMAGINE BEING
RELATED TO THAT GUY.
WHEN LEXA
SAID HER BROTHER WAS DANGEROUS
SHE WASN'T KIDDING, HUH?
YEAH, WELL, IF YOU WENT
THROUGH WHAT LEO DID
AFTER HIS OWN SISTER
LOCKED HIM IN THAT HELL HOLE
YOU MIGHTA COME OUT WRONG, TOO.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, THE ONLY REASON LEO
CREATED TROY WAS TO DEAL WITH
THE STUFF THAT ECKHART'S
DOCTORS WERE DOING TO HIM.
SENSORY DEPRIVATION,
ELECTROSHOCK,
SLOW STAGE DROWNING...
OH, MAN.
SO THEY FIGURED IF THEY
SUBJECTED LEO TO ENOUGH
TORTURE...
HE'D SHIFT INTO SOMETHING
EXTRA-DANGEROUS OUT OF SHEER
SELF-DEFENCE.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE IT WORKED.
UNFORTUNATELY,
ONCE TROY'S OUT OF THE BOX
HE DOESN'T WANT
TO GO BACK IN.
AH.
I KNEW LEX WAS KEEPING
SOMETHING FROM US.
CAN YOU BLAME HER?
UGH...
I...
I CAN'T EXPLAIN IT.
THE TRACKER LOST HIM.
OH, SO YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT
YOU AND YOUR TEAM LOST HIM...
AGAIN?
NO.
THE TRACKER.
RELAX.
IT'S NOT AS IF I'M
COMPLETELY HEARTLESS.
OF COURSE, IT'S NOT EXACTLY
MY HEART ANYMORE, IS IT?
[BEEPS]
AGH...!
HELLO?
GO!
HE'S WEST ON DEWEY.
BAIN!
LOSE HIM THIS TIME AND THE
NEXT HEART I TAKE IS YOURS.
MOVE!
RUN!
SHAL, COME HERE.
OKAY, WE GOT IGNITION, PEOPLE.
LEO'S SIGNAL IS LIVE AND ONLINE.
HE'S HEADING WEST ON DEWEY.
WE'RE ON IT.
[BEEPS]
UGH...
AGH!
ALL RIGHT. HE'S
DEFINITELY STOPPED.
STILL READING HIM
AT 44 RICHMOND.
[BEEPS]
WE'RE HEADING INSIDE NOW.
CARTER'S TEAM'S ALREADY HERE.
I'M CALLING UP THE
BUILDING PLANS.
[GUNSHOTS]
NO!
LEXA, DON'T...
NO, LEO!
MY GOD.
WE FOUND YOUR TRACKER.
BUT YOU SAID YOUR
BROTHER WASN'T VIOLENT.
HE ISN'T.
HELLO, LEXA.
I MISSED YOU.
YOU'RE SUCH A HARD
GIRL TO SHOP FOR.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK TO
YOU, I WANT TO TALK TO LEO.
SORRY.
CAN'T HAPPEN UNLESS I LET HIM.
YOU KNOW THAT.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
I DON'T WANT ANYTHING FROM YOU.
THAT LITTLE
MEAT PUPPET IN THE CHAIR
GAVE ME EVERYTHING I NEEDED.
I WISH LEO COULD SEE
YOU THE WAY I DO.
YOU'VE GOT HIM CONVINCED
YOU'RE SO STRONG.
BUT WHO HAVE YOU EVER
PROTECTED HIM FROM?
NOT MOM OR DAD -
NOT THE DOCTORS.
I PROTECT HIM FROM YOU.
IF YOU HADN'T LET HIM DOWN
I WOULDN'T EVEN EXIST.
IF YOU'RE NOT WILLING TO DO WHAT
IT TAKES TO END THIS... CARTER,
THEN I WILL.
NO. NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
WE NEED TO STOP
HIM. LET ME HELP.
NICE TRY, LEXA.
BUT I'M NOT THE
FOOL IN THIS FAMILY.
TROY, DON'T DO THIS.
TROY...
TROY...?
WHAT'S WRONG?
HE'S GOING AFTER CARTER.
ALL RIGHT, WHERE IS HE?
WHY SHOULD I TELL YOU?
I CAN THINK OF ONE GOOD REASON.
YOU'RE LOSING IT.
NO, I'M LOSING LEO.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THE LONGER I LET TROY
CONTROL HIM THE MORE
DOMINANT HE BECOMES.
I ONLY HAVE A SMALL WINDOW
TO TRY AND REACH MY BROTHER.
OKAY, TELL ME WHAT YOU NEED.
I NEED YOU TO BACK OFF!
IF YOU COME AFTER TROY HE'LL
CONSIDER YOU A THREAT.
I CAN'T HANDLE
THAT COMPLICATION.
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
GO IN THERE ALONE.
WELL, YOU KNOW
YOU CAN'T STOP ME.
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
YEAH? HOW 'BOUT THIS?
AGH!
HI, HONEY. I'M HOME.
WE'LL REACH BRENNAN IN FIVE.
IT'S ANOTHER TEN TO GET TO LEXA.
JESS, YOU KNOW HOW
PROTECTIVE LEXA IS OVER LEO?
YEAH, I CAUGHT THAT.
WELL, TROY IS LEO.
AT LEAST, PART OF HIM, ANYWAY.
IF HE ATTACKS HER, HOW HARD
DO YOU THINK SHE'S GOING TO
FIGHT BACK?
AGH!
OOH, AGH...! WELL, THIS
BRINGS BACK GOOD MEMORIES.
BUT I PREFERRED IT
THE OTHER WAY AROUND.
C'MON.
SINCE WHEN ARE YOU SO VANILLA?
ORGAN DEALING IS LOW,
CARTER, EVEN FOR YOU.
WELL, WHAT CAN I SAY?
PEOPLE PAY BIG MONEY
FOR BABOON PARTS.
YOU'D BE AMAZED AT WHAT THEY
PAY FOR SOMETHING MORE EVOLVED.
I GUESS YOU'RE SAFE, THEN.
RELAX.
IT'S NOT LIKE I HAVE NO
LOYALTY TO OUR PEOPLE.
I PICK FROM THE DREGS, CULL THE
HERD - THE WEAK, THE FREAKS.
YOU KNOW, LIKE YOUR BROTHER.
OH, YOU STILL BLAME ME FOR HIM.
YOU WERE ECKHART'S
HEAD OF SECURITY.
YOU KNEW WHAT HE WAS DOING
TO HIM THE WHOLE TIME WE
WERE TOGETHER.
YOU LIED TO ME.
WELL, I HAD TO, BABY.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY YOU COULD
KEEP LYING TO YOURSELF.
AGH!
HOW HARD DID YOU REALLY
LOOK INTO WHAT ECKHART
WAS DOING TO YOUR BROTHER?
AND HOW MUCH OF YOU WAS JUST
GLAD HE WAS FINALLY
SOMEBODY ELSE'S PROBLEM?
AGH...!
HERE'S THE DEAL:
LEAVE WITH ME NOW,
STOP PURSUING MY BROTHER.
AND I PROMISE I'LL ONLY
DAMAGE YOUR NON-VITAL ORGANS.
AGH!
AGH...
OH...! WELL, THAT
COULD BE A PROBLEM.
LOOK...
I TOOK SOME BULLETS A WHILE AGO.
MY BODY'S ALREADY REJECTED
THE SECOND TRANSPLANT.
I NEED YOUR BROTHER'S HEART.
IT'S ALMOST POETIC.
THE ONE DONOR THAT'S
A GUARANTEED MATCH IS
YOUR TWIN BROTHER.
SO AFTER THE OPERATION, I'LL
ALWAYS HAVE A PIECE OF YOU...
RIGHT HERE.
YOU WANT A PIECE, CARTER?
YOU COME AND GET IT.
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
LEXA BEAT ME TO IT.
VERY RUDE OF HER.
WELL, YOU KNOW LEXA.
ALWAYS WAS HEADSTRONG.
COME ON, GIVE THIS UP, TROY.
I DON'T WANT TO HURT YOU.
SHAME I CAN'T SAY THE SAME.
CARTER!
YOU GET HIM.
I'LL FIND LEX.
UGH!
HEY, UGLY!
WHAT? YOUR MOMMA DIDN'T TEACH
YOU NOT TO PICK ON YOUR SISTER?
BRENNAN, GET OUT OF HERE!
NO.
YOU HONESTLY THINK
I WON'T KILL YOU?
THOSE DOCTORS LIED TO ME, LEO.
THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO HELP.
BY TORTURING HIM?
BY TEACHING HIM
NEW LEVELS OF PAIN?
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO? YOU
WERE FALLING APART, LEO.
STOP CALLING ME THAT!
THE ONLY THING THAT'S
EVER MATTERED TO ME IS
SOMEWHERE INSIDE YOU.
YOU STILL KNOW THAT.
TOUCHING.
BUT HE CAN'T HEAR YOU.
AGH!
GOING SOMEWHERE?
MAYBE WE SHOULD
TAKE YOU APART...
PIECE BY PIECE.
YOU WOULDN'T GET MUCH FOR HIM.
ANTl-REJECTION PILLS, HUH?
WITHOUT THESE THAT STOLEN
HEART OF YOURS WOULD JUST...
STOP, WOULDN'T IT?
AGH...!
I'M DYING ALREADY.
WHAT'S THE WORST YOU CAN DO?
WE CAN LET YOU DIE SLOW AND
ALONE, JUST LIKE YOUR VICTIMS.
AGH!
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO PLAY A GAME, LEXA?
USED TO PLAY GAMES WITH
LEO INSIDE THAT HOSPITAL.
THEY'D GIVEN HIM
KITTENS, TWO OF THEM.
THEN THEY'D KILL
THEM IN FRONT OF HIM.
AND MAKE HIM WATCH.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
MORE YOU WANT FROM ME.
RIGHT NOW?
I WANT IT TO BE
YOUR TURN TO WATCH.
TROY, DON'T DO THIS.
NO!
AGH...!
OH, MY GOD, LEE... LEE...
NO, DON'T MOVE.
DON'T MOVE, LEE.
YOU LOOK LIKE HELL.
DID I HURT YOU?
NO. I'M FINE. I'M FINE.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
LEX, LISTEN, I NEVER
BLAMED YOU, OKAY?
I WAS RUNNING TO PROTECT YOU.
FROM WHAT?
THIS.
WHEN YOU WERE IN THE HOSPITAL
I VISITED YOU EVERY WEEK.
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY ANYTHING?
BECAUSE...
THEY TOLD ME IF I DID THEY'D
DO THE SAME THINGS TO YOU.
STAY WITH ME, OKAY?
I DON'T WANT TO DIE ALONE.
NO. NO, DON'T
YOU TALK LIKE THAT.
I'M NOT GOING
ANYWHERE, OKAY?
JUST... JUST DO LIKE WE DID AS
KIDS, OKAY?
JUST THINK OF ONE GOOD...
ONE GOOD THING.
ONE...
MY ONE GOOD THING IS YOU.
NO.
NO, NO...
LEO.
[KNOCK]
WHAT.
SHAL THOUGHT YOU'D
WANT THIS BACK.
SHE HAD IT FIXED.
CASTOR AND POLLUX.
WHAT?
ON THE NECKLACE.
IT'S A GREEK MYTH.
CASTOR GAVE UP IMMORTALITY
TO SAVE HIS TWIN.
THEY SPENT THE REST OF ETERNITY
BETWEEN HEAVEN AND HELL AS
PART OF THE BARGAIN.
I GAVE THIS TO HIM WHEN HE
STARTED LOSING CONTROL.
SAID IF HE WORE IT I'D
ALWAYS BE ABLE TO FIND HIM.
KINDA WHAT HAPPENED.
THERE'S TWO THINGS YOU AND I
NEED TO BE CLEAR ON, BRENNAN.
ONE:
I APPRECIATE
EVERYTHING YOU DID
TO TRY TO HELP ME
WITH MY BROTHER.
AND TWO?
I TOLD YOU NOT TO COME AFTER ME.
AND PART OF ME KNOWS IT
WOULD'VE ENDED THE SAME EVEN IF
YOU WOULD'VE DONE
WHAT I'D ASKED.
AND THE REST OF YOU?
THE REST OF ME KNOWS IT'S
BECAUSE OF YOU I HAD TO
MAKE A CHOICE, AND NOW MY
BROTHER IS DEAD.
AND I DON'T REALLY WANT TO BE IN
THE SAME ROOM WITH YOU RIGHT
NOW, OKAY?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org